plugins/apigee_policies/README.md, before:

# Apigee Policies Plugin

This plugin uses custom OpenAPI extensions within to define and insert 
Apigee policy steps into the generated API proxy bundle.


## How to create an Apigee policy

To create an Apigee policy, use the `x-Apigee-Policies` extension at the top level.
Each policy must have a unique `.name` property

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-Policies:
  - FlowCallout:
      .name: FC-Callout
      DisplayName: FC-Callout
      SharedFlowBundle: FC-Callout
```

## How to insert an Apigee policy

Apigee policies can be inserted at various places within the OpenAPI spec.

1. Within an existing operation in a path
2. At the top-level as a PreFlow policy
3. At the top-level as a PostFlow policy
4. At the top-level as a PostClientFlow policy

When inserting a policy, you use the policy `.name` to reference it.


## Inserting PreFlow Policies

To insert an Apigee PreFlow policy, use the `x-Apigee-PreFlow` extension.

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-PreFlow:
  Request:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
  Response:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
```


## Inserting PostFlow Policies

To insert an Apigee PostFlow policy, use the `x-Apigee-PostFlow` extension.

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-PostFlow:
  Request:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
  Response:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
```


## Inserting PostClientFlow Policies

To insert an Apigee PostClientFlow policy, use the `x-Apigee-PostClientFlow` extension.

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-PostClientFlow:
  Response:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout

```



## Supported Policies

### Flow Callout

Example Flow Callout policy as YAML.

```yaml
FlowCallout:
  .name: FC-Callout
  .enabled: true
  .continueOnError: true
  DisplayName: FC-Callout
  SharedFlowBundle: FC-Callout
  Parameters:
    - Parameter:
        .name: param1
        .value: Literal
    - Parameter:
        .name: param2
        .ref: request.content
```

which would get generated as XML like this

```text
<FlowCallout async="false" continueOnError="false" enabled="true" name="FC-MyCallout">
  <DisplayName>FC-Callout</DisplayName>
  <Parameters>
    <Parameter name="param1">Literal</Parameter>
    <Parameter name="param2">{request.content}</Parameter>
  </Parameters>
  <SharedFlowBundle>FC-MyCallout</SharedFlowBundle>
</FlowCallout>
```

Commit message:

feat: add apigee_policies plugin

plugins/apigee_policies/README.md, after:

# Apigee Policies Plugin

This plugin uses custom OpenAPI extensions within the spec to define and insert 
Apigee policy steps into the generated API proxy bundle.

It's also possible to move the extensions to separate files outside the main Open API Spec.
This is useful in cases where you need to share configuration across multiple API Proxies.


## How to create an Apigee policy

To create an Apigee policy, use the `x-Apigee-Policies` extension at the top level.
Each policy must have a unique `.name` property

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-Policies:
  - FlowCallout:
      .name: FC-Callout
      DisplayName: FC-Callout
      SharedFlowBundle: FC-Callout
```

## How to insert an Apigee policy

Apigee policies can be inserted at various places within the OpenAPI spec.

1. Within an existing operation in a path
2. At the top-level as a PreFlow policy
3. At the top-level as a PostFlow policy
4. At the top-level as a PostClientFlow policy

When inserting a policy, you use the policy `.name` to reference it.


## Inserting PreFlow Policies

To insert an Apigee PreFlow policy, use the `x-Apigee-PreFlow` extension.

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-PreFlow:
  Request:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
  Response:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
```


## Inserting PostFlow Policies

To insert an Apigee PostFlow policy, use the `x-Apigee-PostFlow` extension.

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-PostFlow:
  Request:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
  Response:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout
```


## Inserting PostClientFlow Policies

To insert an Apigee PostClientFlow policy, use the `x-Apigee-PostClientFlow` extension.

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-PostClientFlow:
  Response:
    - Step:
        Condition: true
        Policy: FC-Callout

```

## Defining extensions in separate files

Each extension can be defined in-line with the OpenAPI spec, or within a separate file.

e.g.

```yaml
x-Apigee-Policies: 
  $ref: "./apigee-config.yaml#/Policies"

x-Apigee-PreFlow:
  $ref: "./apigee-config.yaml#/PreFlow"

x-Apigee-PostFlow:
  $ref: "./apigee-config.yaml#/PostFlow"
```



## Supported Policies

### Flow Callout

Example Flow Callout policy as YAML.

```yaml
FlowCallout:
  .name: FC-Callout
  .enabled: true
  .continueOnError: true
  DisplayName: FC-Callout
  SharedFlowBundle: FC-Callout
  Parameters:
    - Parameter:
        .name: param1
        .value: Literal
    - Parameter:
        .name: param2
        .ref: request.content
```

which would get generated as XML like this

```text
<FlowCallout async="false" continueOnError="false" enabled="true" name="FC-MyCallout">
  <DisplayName>FC-Callout</DisplayName>
  <Parameters>
    <Parameter name="param1">Literal</Parameter>
    <Parameter name="param2">{request.content}</Parameter>
  </Parameters>
  <SharedFlowBundle>FC-MyCallout</SharedFlowBundle>
</FlowCallout>
```
